## Policies

### Code of Conduct

All members of the learning community should at all times abide by the university’s [Code of Conduct](http://southernct.edu/offices/judicialaffairs/StudentCodeofConductrevised6.16.16.pdf).

### Academic Integrity

Students are expected to follow the university’s guidelines with regard to Academic Honesty as set forth in the [Policy on Academic Integrity](https://www.southernct.edu/academics/schools/arts/Policy%20on%20Academic%20Misconduct.pdf) and the [Student Handbook](https://www.southernct.edu/guides/handbook/SCSUHandbook-2016-2017.pdf) (p. 68-69). Violations of academic integrity may lead to consequences such as failure or dismissal.

Although students are encouraged to work with each other to discuss and solve problems, submission of identical or nearly identical work will be seen as an academic integrity infraction. And although students are encouraged to leverage Internet resources, submission of work product generated by any other person shall also constitute an infraction. Furthermore, if one student violates academic integrity policies by submitting the unattributed work product of another student, both students will be considered in violation and subject to penalties.

As a rule of thumb, it is each student’s sole responsibility to type and understand every line of code submitted for evaluation. In situations where lines of boilerplate code or shared code are included in a submission, it is the responsibility of the student to accompany this code with one or more lines of “comments” which include a source link or other manner of attribution. Even so, submissions comprised of significant portions of code obtained in this way, even if properly attributed, may constitute an infraction.

Any questions about what constitutes an academic integrity infraction should be proactively directed to the Professor; retroactive naivete is not acceptable.

### Religious Holidays

Each student is responsible for notifying the Professor during the first week of the semester of his/her intention to be absent from class on days(s) of his/her religious observance. The faculty continues to extend to these students the courtesy of absence without penalty on such occasions, including permission to make up examinations.

### [Disabilities](https://www.southernct.edu/student-life/support/drc/information-for-faculty-staff.html)

SCSU provides reasonable accommodations in accordance with the Americans with Disabilities Act and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act, for students with documented disabilities on an individualized basis. If you are a student with a documented disability, the University’s Disability Resource Center (DRC) can work with you to determine appropriate accommodations. Before you receive accommodations in this class, you will need to make an appointment with the DRC, which is located at EN C‐105A. To discuss your approved accommodations or other concerns, such as medical emergencies or arrangements in case the building must be evacuated, please make an appointment to meet with the course instructor as soon as possible.

### Sexual Harassment

SCSU is highly committed to providing you with an educational experience that is academically and socially enriching. In line with this mission, we enforce Title IX of the Education Amendment of 1972 which prohibits acts of sexual misconduct (sexual harassment, sexual assault, dating violence, domestic violence and stalking) at educational institutions. To report sexual misconduct students should contact University Police at (203) 392‐5375 or 911, and/or Paula Rice, Office of Diversity and Equity, at (203) 392‐5568 and/or Christopher Piscitelli, Office of Judicial Affairs, at (203) 392‐6188. For advocacy and further information including your Title IX rights and reporting procedures visit the Sexual Assault Resource Team (S.A.R.T.) website at www.southernct.edu/SART. Please contact Catherine Christy, Women’s Center and S.A.R.T. Coordinator, at (203) 392‐ 6946 for assistance or with any questions regarding support and advocacy.
